Will be easier
I will make on in the AMS team
We cannot bring people here
Didnt work for me as well :(
nope, diddn´t work either ;)
Now
Ich been Rene. Ich been everyone here
Jo Hilfe
Ask in German
Didnt work René
Hey there! These are the things I can do right now. Remember to tag me first by typing @Jo! /question to ask a question /list to list all the questions /group to randomly split a team into groups /pick to randomly pick someone from a team /roster to see the roster for this class
Jo /help
Jo bring everyone here
like: hey Bot, bring all the other guys to this place!
anyone savvy on Collaboration that knows how to easily doing it?
we probably should bring them here
good point Antoine
5€ = 1 kebab = 1 kapsalon. I think it’s fair
Should we invite the other group in this space ?
What about 5€/person?
Alexander is our official DJ for tomorrow’s class =)
followed by some cool whiteboard session and designs! tomorrow will be 3 things… will be F will be U and will be N… FUN
can’t wait to hear your groups telling me more about our competitors!!! i’m very interested!!!
well… you have free time to do other CSAP related stuff, like infinite learning hehe
so we have nothing from 8:30 to 10:30?
correct
i believe you’ll also have a real deal speaker that day, is that right?
that’s absolutely correct =) we start later in the morning and get back to class at the end of the afternoon
Hello Marcos, next Monday’s Outlook appointment for our class differs from all other day’s schedule (10:300-13:00). Is it correct?
please, organize yourselves into groups, choose a topic and follow the rules on the image =)
5 minutes per group, the way you prefer… ppt, whiteboard, oral talk…

AND REMEMBER base your discussion on Firewall and IPS (so, for instance, McAfee guys, do not focus on Endpoint protection (Anti-virus))

thanks =)
checkpoint
Checkpoint and TippingPoint not yet…
Palo Alto, Fortinet and McAfee are taken alredy
hello team!! thanks for the great time today!

here’s the activity we’ll be doing tomorrow… I see some people defined the group and subject (competitor), thanks for that
Wohoo!
PAN: René, Corinne, Christine, Victoria
Assia Syl fortinet
McAfee, Alejandro, Frank 
Firepower 3D devices: http://firepowerngfw.com/
great to hear you got your ticket =) let’s hope for a better weather and have fun over webex
Unfortunately I was not able to fly to Amsterdam. My flight has been canceled again. Finally I got a new plane ticket for Wednesday so I will join the next two days trough webex again.
🙌🎧
Marc will be our official DJ tomorrow
In preparation for tomorrow’s class, I have to admit it is going to be AMAZING!!!! Demos and Whiteboards on the way!!! And coffee… a lot of coffee… eventually some red bull as well, if Frank allows for it!!!!
I need to make a confession!!!
I have my role-play tomorrow at 14-> so unfortunately I will not be able to join for the last part but I will watch the recording later
Ladies and gentlemen!!! Good evening!!! I hope everyone made it safe to your home =)

Due to the short notice change in tomorrow’s scheduled, this is what tomorrow looks like for us:

8.30 - 9.45 -> Security Class
Out for the Event
10.15 - 12:30 -> Security Class

Then (IMPORTANT) we will be back for class at 13.45 - 15.15 (1.5h) to finish the content delivery @ St Steven’s Green Room!!

Hopefully that works for all of you!

Any main issue?
Im disappointed at GifBot showing those Manchester City Fans 😒🚮🚮
GifBot (bot)
GifBot so excited
Firewall, IPS, Firepower!!!!! This class is on fire =)
BYOE (Bring Your Own Energetic) cause we’re going wild!!!!!!!!!!
just watched the 2 SDL videos!!!! Tomorrow will be A LOT OF FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUN
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
i dont think the LMS system is @ Cisco’s infrastructure… i might be wrong though… anyway you’ll very likely receive the link over Spark today =)
I will do it tonight then. No worries
Dont we need to be connected to cisco through a VPN?
Unsure, will ask the CSAP folks... although I believe you should be able to fill the survey with any device
My computer is in Amsterdam
Can we do it tomorrow ?
Corinne and Antoine thanks for joining virtually! I know it is not the same experience but hopefully you’re able to absorb the knowledge as well =)
Alexander hopefully I’ll see you tomorrow as well!!!
remember to fill out the survey today!!! Specially the ones that were remote or had to leave earlier
ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation today =D
me too !
On our way!
let’s get back =)
which group am i with ?
thanks
WebEx Information:
 
All participants must join WebEx. Each session will be recorded.

Join WebEx meeting  
Meeting number: 209 720 123 
Meeting password: csapfy18q1 (27273918 from phones)    

  Or..
1.       Navigate to https://ciscosales.webex.com
2.       Select MEETING CENTER
3.       Enter the Session ID/Number: 209 720 123 
4.       Enter the session password: csapfy18q1
i'm using another computer :(
can someone send the details (url/password) to connect to webex, please ?
Good morning =)
Great thank you!
Of course 👌
Can you let him know that we are joining through webex? 
Haha yes you are right..
I don’t think our instructor is in this group
Good morning
My flight back was also canceled. I will join the class through webex today and hopefully I will be in the office tomorrow.
Hello,
My flight to Amsterdam has been canceled. I will not be physically there tomorrow. I will join the class using collaboration tools (probably using Spark Hybrid Services). 
I hope I will be there on Tuesday morning
Hey there! I'm Jo, and I'll be your resource through the ASE Security module, facilitated by Marcos Cavinato. Try saying /help to see all the awesome things I can do, and remember to tag me with @Jo first! Click here to access your course dashboard. This is my first time being used in CSAP, so please let Leigh Pember (lpember) know if I'm not working or if I do anything unexpected!
